app/c-fs: Changed README.md to include instructions for using 9pfs (#58)
unikraft/catalog-core: c-fs/README.md

You can customize the ELF Loader build debug messages.
For that, use the ["Configure" step](#configure) to add debug printing option from the [`ukdebug` library](https://github.com/unikraft/unikraft/tree/staging/lib/ukdebug).
Then, build and run again.

### Use a Different Filesystem Type for QEMU

You can use [`9pfs`](https://github.com/unikraft/unikraft/tree/staging/lib/9pfs) as an alternate filesystem to initrd.
Note that 9pfs does not work with Firecracker.
And it requires re-building Xen to add 9pfs support.

> Below you can find instructions on running c-fs on QEMU with 9pfs support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can find instructions on running the C filesystem-using program on QEMU with 9pfs support.
```

```text
config APPCFS
bool "Configure C filesystem application with initrd as rootfs"
default y
        # Select filesystem core components: vfscore, cpio, ramfs.
        select LIBVFSCORE
        select LIBVFSCORE_AUTOMOUNT_UP
        select LIBUK9P
        select LIB9PFS
```

This means you replace these two lines in [`Config.uk`](Config.uk):

```text
        select LIBRAMFS
        select LIBUKCPIO
```

with these lines:

```text
        select LIBUK9P
        select LIB9PFS
```

Now go through the [clean up](#clean-up), [configure](#configure), and [build](#build) steps — but skip the [build the filesystem step](#build-the-filesystem-step).

#### Run on QEMU/x86_64

```console
# Create a copy of the filesystem to be mounted as 9pfs.
rm -fr 9pfs-rootfs
cp -r rootfs 9pfs-rootfs
qemu-system-x86_64 \
    -nographic \
    -m 8 \
    -cpu max \
    -kernel workdir/build/c-fs_qemu-x86_64 \
    -append "c-fs vfs.fstab=[ \"fs0:/:9pfs:::\" ] -- /hello.txt" \
    -fsdev local,id=myid,path=$(pwd)/9pfs-rootfs/,security_model=none \
    -device virtio-9p-pci,fsdev=myid,mount_tag=fs0
```

You would use a similar command for QEMU/ARM64.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Remove extra trailing line.
